rm -f *.o
rm -f *.so

qmake -o Makefile AD.pro
make
cp libAD.so AD.so

qmake -o Makefile ATR.pro
make
cp libATR.so ATR.so

qmake -o Makefile BB.pro
make
cp libBB.so BB.so

qmake -o Makefile CCI.pro
make
cp libCCI.so CCI.so

qmake -o Makefile DMI.pro
make
cp libDMI.so DMI.so

qmake -o Makefile DPO.pro
make
cp libDPO.so DPO.so

qmake -o Makefile ENV.pro
make
cp libENV.so ENV.so

qmake -o Makefile HLC.pro
make
cp libHLC.so HLC.so

qmake -o Makefile MA.pro
make
cp libMA.so MA.so

qmake -o Makefile MA2.pro
make
cp libMA2.so MA2.so

qmake -o Makefile MA3.pro
make
cp libMA3.so MA3.so

qmake -o Makefile MACD.pro
make
cp libMACD.so MACD.so

qmake -o Makefile MAOSC.pro
make
cp libMAOSC.so MAOSC.so

qmake -o Makefile MF.pro
make
cp libMF.so MF.so

qmake -o Makefile MOM.pro
make
cp libMOM.so MOM.so

qmake -o Makefile NVI.pro
make
cp libNVI.so NVI.so

qmake -o Makefile OBV.pro
make
cp libOBV.so OBV.so

qmake -o Makefile OI.pro
make
cp libOI.so OI.so

qmake -o Makefile PC.pro
make
cp libPC.so PC.so

qmake -o Makefile PER.pro
make
cp libPER.so PER.so

qmake -o Makefile PP.pro
make
cp libPP.so PP.so

qmake -o Makefile PVI.pro
make
cp libPVI.so PVI.so

qmake -o Makefile PVT.pro
make
cp libPVT.so PVT.so

qmake -o Makefile ROC.pro
make
cp libROC.so ROC.so

qmake -o Makefile RSI.pro
make
cp libRSI.so RSI.so

qmake -o Makefile SAR.pro
make
cp libSAR.so SAR.so

qmake -o Makefile SD.pro
make
cp libSD.so SD.so

qmake -o Makefile STOCH.pro
make
cp libSTOCH.so STOCH.so

qmake -o Makefile STOCHRSI.pro
make
cp libSTOCHRSI.so STOCHRSI.so

qmake -o Makefile TRIX.pro
make
cp libTRIX.so TRIX.so

qmake -o Makefile UO.pro
make
cp libUO.so UO.so

qmake -o Makefile VOL.pro
make
cp libVOL.so VOL.so

qmake -o Makefile VOLR.pro
make
cp libVOLR.so VOLR.so

qmake -o Makefile WAD.pro
make
cp libWAD.so WAD.so

qmake -o Makefile WILLR.pro
make
cp libWILLR.so WILLR.so

rm -f lib*




